Add public comment period for bylaw and policy changes (#197)
dotnet-foundation/website: input/about/bylaws.md

**(e)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Limited Special Right for Director Appointed by Founding Member.** In connection with any vote to materially change the Foundation’s Membership Policy, Director Election Policy, Project Governance Policy, or any Intellectual Property-related agreements or policies, (a) a “no” vote by the director appointed by the Founding Member will result in the disapproval of a proposed action, regardless of the number of votes for approval), and (b) such director must be present as part of any quorum (i.e. if that director is not present, the Board will not have a quorum for the matter, regardless of the number of other directors present).

**(f)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Member Review.** Prior to voting on any amendments to the Foundation’s Bylaws, Articles of Incorporation or the Foundation's Membership Policy, the Director Election Policy, the Project Governance Policy, or any of the Foundation’s Intellectual Property-related agreements or policies, the Board shall use reasonable efforts to preview the proposed amendments with the Foundation’s Members, using the following process:

> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(i)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;post the proposed amendments as “pull requests” on the Foundation’s Github, or through such other methodology determined by the Board that is accessible to Members for review and feedback;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(i)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;post the proposed amendments as “pull requests” within the Foundation’s GitHub organization, or through such other methodology determined by the Board that is accessible to Members for review and feedback;
```

(This was mostly to fix the capitalization of GitHub, but we also treating "GitHub" not as a noun that the Foundation could have one of.)

> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(ii)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;notify all Members via email and solicit Member comments to the proposed changes over a designated Member review period (no less than a week from the date of notice), to be submitted by Members via Github or such other forum or methodology adopted by the Board;

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure we want to specify email here. Can we say something to the extent of "in a public forum" to encompass social media? A tweet calling attention to the proposed changes should be enough?

Author: Yes, good idea. I'm thinking "notify Members via a public announcement" instead of "notify all Members via email." Apologies for my lack of GitHub skills, but do I delete my PR, make the change in my local repository, and submit a new PR? Or can I edit this PR somehow?

Reviewer 2: If you add more commits to the branch from the PR (master in this case), it'll show up here. So just edit and push again.

Next time (and I can show you how), you'd typically push to a branch and then create the PR from there. GitHub Desktop can help make this easier: https://desktop.github.com/

Reviewer 3: > A tweet calling attention to the proposed changes should be enough?
While I am here via Twitter, I think if we have member emails sending an email about proposed bylaw changes is preferable. Not everyone is as active on social media and bylaw changes could fundamentally change the organization, so I think an email would be appropriate if possible.

Author: I edited to "public announcement," but that certainly wouldn't preclude sending email to the members, as desired.

Reviewer 2: I think leaving it as "public announcement" is good as it shows intent. We can determine what the best mechanisms are as needed. We may need to be careful with email as we don't want to spam folks either.

> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(ii)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;notify Members via a public announcement and solicit Member comments to the proposed changes over a designated Member review period (no less than a week from the date of notice), to be submitted by Members via Github or such other forum or methodology adopted by the Board;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(ii)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;notify Members via a public announcement and solicit Member comments to the proposed changes over a designated Member review period (no less than a week from the date of notice), to be submitted by Members via GitHub or such other forum or methodology adopted by the Board;
```

> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(ii)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;notify Members via a public announcement and solicit Member comments to the proposed changes over a designated Member review period (no less than a week from the date of notice), to be submitted by Members via Github or such other forum or methodology adopted by the Board;

Reviewer 4: What kind of public announcement do do you see? In the current case it was announced from a private Twitter account (which was retweeted by official account). To have full transparency and get as much feedback as possible I would suggest to use email.

Reviewer 2: Nitpicking a bit, but it was just any private twitter account, it was from the Executive Director's account. One could/should reasonable assume that news about the Foundation may come from there. And as you mention, it was retweeted by the Foundation's account too.

One concern over email is that sending out too many small announcements may be construed as spam by some users.

Reviewer 4: Still in this case the exception is that Foundation members follow foundation accounts on Twitter and it's a catch or miss if they see the tweet. This might be easy for some which are active on Twitter, but probably will also exclude other members. Considering that diversity seems to be one of the main focus on .NET Foundation, this might lead to some people excluded in an important discussion.

Reviewer 4: An option might be to have a separate repo for these changes, in which case it's possible for members if they want to watch the repo and actively receive notifications or not.

Reviewer 2: Resolving as per my comment below with the dotnet-foundation/announcements repo.

> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(ii)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;notify Members via a public announcement and solicit Member comments to the proposed changes over a designated Member review period (no less than a week from the date of notice), to be submitted by Members via GitHub or such other forum or methodology adopted by the Board;

Reviewer 5: I get your point and mostly agree... But is it reasonable for the person who is proposing changes/additions to also propose the comment period? Will a 30 day comment period drag superficial changes to a halt?

> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(ii)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;notify Members via a public announcement and solicit Member comments to the proposed changes over a designated Member review period (no less than a week from the date of notice), to be submitted by Members via GitHub or such other forum or methodology adopted by the Board;

Reviewer 4: Agree with 7 days might be a bit short, especially if announcement is not actively sent out to members and they might miss it for a few days.
